Your casino is mine now
Men, everyone is dead
Okay, what do you think if your people are still awake?
Can I still stand here and talk to you?
Ah bitch
How dare you betray me
What kind of dog you have, what kind of owner you have
Isn’t this all your choice?
Lin Yang, don't be impulsive
We can talk about anything
We've already talked about what we need to talk about.
Do you really think you're going to win?
Ah, that's right
I am the woman who wants to harm you
I don't just want to harm your woman
I want you to die
Everyone you know is dying
So what?
Our Fan family is the master of Jiangcheng
Do you believe it or not?
Just give me a call
You can call all the families
You still won’t be able to survive by then
Hahaha, call someone
Okay, you can try it though
Still want to show off?
You think I was scared, right?
The user you are calling is temporarily unavailable
Your casino is mine now
Men are dead
Okay, you think if your people are still awake
Can I still stand here and talk to you?
Ah bitch
How dare you betray me!
What kind of dog do you have?
Didn't you choose it all yourself?
Lin Yang, do not be impulsive
We can talk about anything
We've already talked about what we need to talk about
Did you really think you were going to win?
Ah, that is right.
It is the woman I want to kill you
I do not just want to hurt your woman
I want you to die
Everyone you know is dying
So what?
Our Fan family is the lord of Jiang City
Do you believe it or not?
Just a phone call from me
Can call all the families
You will not be able to live then
Hahaha call someone to hum
Ok, you can try it though.
Do you still want to act tough?
You think I am scared, do not you?
The user you are calling is temporarily unavailable